Thank you simmer the woman of the third generation victory thank you what'm YoshiYuki-chan
The
It is great-
We were greeted by everyone
Ne
Come on doing the will you or thank Itashima of you will be a self-introduction is tired
It is autumn that became goddess of victory of Iizuka auto
I 'm still a beginner at Auto Racing, but I'll do my best and I want to keep in mind
I would appreciate your favor
Everyone like a friendly So that cheer I think I'm a beginner so good that bread
I will me Huh
And Aki is already on April 11 Hawks game
The game where it is here to buy is a game sponsor
In the name of I, et al but it's right that it was something I Opening Ceremony
It is said that you should still lie down, but it was introduced in Akiha at vtr
Though i said
Regards in the fall of aki in the alphabet yes
Let's go with a ki of the station ideas and large character of rice
Beneath it is finished to have their own if you notice if you are nervous even thing this talking was talking
It's great , good tension
Someday when I was connected
I was nervous but it was going to take place How was the ceremony itself
Such a big stage
It was the first time, but I was happy to hear that I could actually listen
And auto race Yahoo!
It was so remarkable that it was the beginning and it was a head image .
What a bike
But I think that was also seen at running all like in the broadcaster
I think it's been a lot of fun, so I think I would like to bring it to the one leg I saw.
Today, there is a show on the stage before everyone in the fan's stage
Though
What was your debut event like
I was very nervous when I got a customer in front of me
And the photo I photograph is also taken it I was really happy to put the audience he will excuse me
To say
There Ah well Mr. Nagata also to have come or rather accustomed taken
Hey I Aki's it about Buber one
I also had a meeting, but since then something has become light on my talk
I talked so much that I was improved
I'm crawling and I'm sorry
para o was related to the time being auto race I began to me Well Tabataba destination
It is 1000 sheets, but please listen to anything Yes by all means thank you First of all
Please make sure that you move that player's name firmly, and players are still in the 462 country.
By all means you also many so we ran
I would like to recommend you
who is the player who wants to buy and who knows the name and face
It is Rata players player of Kitadan
When I first came to see this time
When I saw the race
It became a great run and I became a processing kun
It seems that there was a Ueda player in the certification practice but yes
And this time I'm divided into the first half and the second half in the second half of my brother, but the first half
I say the number this time
Urata it's such that Satoshi Arao sake rather than players
I met at Aru-ro intake Yes, it was just like that
It's true if you already know it already
What kind of feeling did you have a kind and friendly talk
Probably not only that player tender 119 wry smile to Well in because this is the emergence later 3
race
Well, from this but that is after this yes I can not go and not Itadakanai Good luck
This aim to what goddess
Say it a little although I'm there when that story
I would like to receive it, but I would like to ask all of them.
2 people of the same generation not to lose to the dream goddess
Yes I will do my best and I want to go with a smile , so please support me by all means Yes today
From the broadcast seat today
The woman of the new victory who started the activity in Koizuka auto was the goddess Aki of the third generation victory
Thank you for today Thank you please do your best round girl after this
Please press the there-mer everyone's
Yes, thank you